every generation has its heroes those
who rise up to protect and defend their
community and lead us out of Darkness
revolution as a new face I'm very proud
to be part of this unique charity
project the talented team at Ubisoft has
created three new maps based on
Assassin's Creed 3 it's up to you to
vote for your favorite one we'll
replicate the winning Mass 31 times and
auction them off online go to hockey
helps calm to participate with all the
proceeds benefiting 31 charities join me
in the team from Assassin's Creed and
you can be a hero in your community the
winning mask will be revealed on
November 15 will you rise to the
challenge now if you don't mind I got a
game to play
you